NARRATOR
Professor Sycamore's Pokémon
summer camp is roaring
along at a fever pitch
and our heroes
are in the thick of it.
With each event,
teams compete for points.
The team with the most points
will enter
the Pokémon Summer Camp
hall of fame
as the Champion Diantha
once did.
Now, stay tuned as the battle
for points heats up!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Foggy Pok mon Orienteering!"
[chomping]
[CONTENT]
Then, know what happened next?
Good evening, Trainers.
Is everyone having
a good time at camp?
TRAINERS CROWD
Yeah!
That is marvelous to hear.
Thanks.
But I just happen
to have an event
planned for tomorrow
that's even more marvelous.
Wonder what!
[UNSURE]
So, get ready for a favorite
annual tradition at summer camp
it's Pokémon Orienteering.
‐ Huh!
‐ Pokémon Orienteering?
You see, the object of the race
is for all teams
to get their cards stamped
at every checkpoint
as they quickly make their way
toward the finish line.
The team in third place
gets three points
second place gets seven points
and the first place gets ten.
[all cheering]
Team Froakie and Team Squirtle
'are tied with thirteen
points each.'
But all teams still
have a chance to win
so go out and do your best
and above all,
have lots of fun.
Alright! Team Squirtle
already claims those ten points.
Oh, yeah? Those ten points are
going to belong to Team Froakie.
Right, buddy?
[AGREEMENT]
Hey, Ash,
how's your foot feeling?
'Good as new.'
If we win, we'll be in the lead
with 23 points.
Well, you're going to have
to beat us to do it.
Looking at the facts
with a cool head
there's no way
we're gonna lose this.
My analysis of facts tells me
we're going to win.
‐ Hm.
Well, it looks like everyone's
'really motivated.'
Well, it's show time.
Listen up, they're having
Pokémon Orienteering tomorrow
and all teams will be split up
racing around the mountain.
And that will be the perfect
time to grab their Pokémon.
Unfortunately, our work
won't allow us to get away.
They go for our grub so much
they're licking
the plates clean.
Will you snap out of it?
CATHERINE
'Excellent cuisine.'
I applaud the three of you
on your impeccable talent
and work ethic.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Thank you, ma'am.
You've earned yourselves
another nice bonus for the day
so keep up the good work.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Yes, ma'am.
We can grab their Pokémon later.
Right now, business
is greater than great.
Time for some elbow grease.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Rub‐a‐dub‐dub.
Team Rocket makes yummy grub!
Good morning to you, everyone.
It's time to begin day five
with some Pokémon Orienteering.
'A chance to combine your best
efforts with team cooperation.'
We're going to win
those ten points for sure.
[AGREEMENT]
Right. There's no doubt.
Same for us.
And we'll come out
the clear winners after today.
Let's go. All for one
and one for all.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
'Yeah!'
Alright! Team Squirtle's headed
for the top of the mountain.
Ready?
TIERNO/SHAUNA/TREVOR
Yeah!
Alright then, on your mark..
[grunting]
'Get set..'
...and go!
Everybody at your stations?
Checkpoint A, reporting in.
This is checkpoint B.
All ready to go.
I'll be able to monitor all
teams from here during the race.
I'll be able to observe
the Trainers carefully
to see if they
work together well.
'And see how strong the bonds
are with their Pokémon.'
This is Checkpoint A
reporting in.
'The first team is approaching.'
I can already see a checkpoint.
We're there first.
'Come on, guys, let's move it.'
Whoever gets all the stamps
first is what counts.
[panting]
‐ Huh!
According to the map
the checkpoint should be around
here somewhere, but where?
I sure don't see
any stamp booth.
[SHOCK]
[all gasps]
Everyone! Up here!
‐ Hey, it's Sophie.
‐ All the way up there?
Please send one Trainer
from your teams up here
along with their Pokémon,
and I'll give you your stamp.
We have to climb
all the way up there?
That's a bit extreme.
Well, the way Squirtle
moves and grooves
this cliff is nothing.
Okay, Squirtle,
ready to climb together?
[AGREE]
[EXERTION]
Two, three, four.
One, two.. One..
‐ Incredible!
‐ They're good, alright.
But we'll have
no problem climbing up.
Froakie, let's go!
[READY]
Are you ready to go up with me?
[EXERTION]
[grunting]
[screaming]
‐ Oh, no, Tierno!
‐ Quick, Froakie!
Use your Frubbles, now.
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
[grunts]
‐ Oh!
‐ Squirtle!
Are you okay?
Yeah. Looks like I owe you one.
[Ash chuckles]
[EXERTION]
Way to go, Froakie. Hang on.
Awesome. Thanks, Froakie.
[HAPPY]
Yippee!
[panting]
Could we stamp our card please?
Team Froakie is the first team
to get here.
Here you go.
Let's get to the next
checkpoint. Come on.
See you later.
Nothing we can do now.
But wait until the next time.
[EXCITED]
Checkpoint A, the results
are Team Froakie came in first
and Team Squirtle
came in second.
Many thanks for the update.
[panting]
Huh! Hurry, hurry,
big brother!
[Clemont panting]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Wait for me.
Huh!
[EXERTION]
See you later.
[groans]
[panting]
Hello, the stamp's up here.
I'll go this time.
ASH
'Go for it, Clemont!'
BONNIE
We're counting on you.
[panting]
Huh?
Hm?
[EXERTION]
[groans]
‐ Well done. You're here first!
‐ Huh!
Alright. We've got the stamp.
[EXCITED]
[laughs]
'All the checkpoints
have been cleared, Professor.'
At the present time, we've got
Team Froakie in first place
and Team Squirtle running
in second place.
As I expected, those teams
are at the top.
'All that's left now is for one
to cross the finish line.'
[all panting]
We're going to win this!
No, we are!
[all panting]
[screaming]
‐ Huh?
[Ash groans]
CLEMONT
Ash, are you okay?
Yeah.
CLEMONT
Maybe we should slow down.
The fog's so thick. Huh?
Hey, Clemont?
Clemont?
Clemont, where are you?
[CONCERNED]
Where'd you go?
Huh!
[gasps]
[CONCERNED]
Pikachu, what's going on
with them?
[gasps]
[Bonnie chuckles]
Wowie!
Don't go!
[CONCERNED]
The fog's everywhere.
I can't see a thing.
Clemont, are you out there?
Bonnie?
‐ 'Wait up!'
‐ Huh?
I'm back here!
Where's Bonnie?
I thought she was with you.
‐ Then where is she?
‐ Huh!
Huh! Hey, Pikachu's gone, too!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Charmander!
[EXERTION]
TIERNO
This fog's so thick.
Yeah. You sure we're on
the right path?
This is definitely
the right way.
Huh. There's Ash.
That means we've caught up.
We'll be crossing the
finish line before you know it.
'Pikachu!'
Tierno and Trevor, hold on.
Yeah? What's up?
I'm not sure, but something
doesn't seem right.
‐ Hey, Bonnie?
‐ Hey!
‐ Ash!
‐ Huh!
Is something wrong?
Have you seen Bonnie
and Pikachu?
Bonnie and Pikachu?
Yeah. They got separated
from us somehow.
Wow, that's no good.
We need to search the area.
We'll help,
if that's okay with you.
Thank you, but you guys should
really go on with the race.
Yeah, we don't want
to hold you back.
How can we race
when this is going on?
Finding them is much
more important than that.
You'd rather help us out
than race?
‐ No contest.
‐ Hm.
CLEMONT
Thanks so much!
Hm.
‐ Hey, look.
‐ Huh!
I see small footprints.
Over there in the grass.
CLEMONT
'Do you think they're Bonnie's?'
'I think I see Pokémon
footprints, too.'
And they look a lot
like Pikachu paw prints.
Really?
Wow, Trevor, good job.
Hey, I wouldn't be surprised
if Bonnie and Pikachu
lost track of the path
and wandered into the forest
because the fog is so thick.
Right!
ASH
'Fletchinder!'
[EMERGING]
Fletchinder, go find Bonnie
and Pikachu, okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Meanwhile, I think we should
follow the footprints.
Yeah, but the fog
is still so thick.
Don't worry about a thing.
Charmander's flame
will light the way.
So, Charmander,
what do you say?
[AGREEMENT]
[TIRED]
Oh.
I can't see.
[ANGRY]
Is this the way? Maybe.
Huh?
[CONFUSED]
It's a Beedrill! Run!
[ANGRY]
Oh, why did this
have to happen to us?
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[CONCERNED]
What's wrong, Charmander?
TREVOR
'Hm.'
Hm. The footprints stop here.
Bonnie, Pikachu.
[panting]
Oh! I hope the two
of you are okay.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SPORE ATTACK]
[screams]
[coughs]
I've had enough of this!
[groans]
[TIRED]
[yawns]
I'm tired. I wonder
if this is Amoonguss' Spore.
[TIRED]
Oh, I'm so sleepy.
[CONTENT]
[SHOCK]
[FEAR]
[grunts]
[PANIC]
Bonnie! Pikachu! Hey!
Huh! Maybe Fletchinder
found them.
‐ Let's go see!
‐ Right!
[URGING]
[grunting]
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
[SPORE ATTACK]
Huh! Serena, what's wrong?
SERENA
'It's an Amoonguss!'
Look out! It's using Spore!
TREVOR
'Water! Spray them with water!'
Yeah. Squirtle, Water Gun!
[AGREEMENT]
[WATER GUN MOVE]
Good idea!
Clemont, quick!
Bring out Chespin!
Right!
Froakie, I choose you!
Now, Chespin, let's go!
‐ Use Water Pulse!
‐ Use Pin Missile!
[EXERTION]
[WATER PULSE ATTACK]
[PIN MISSILE ATTACK]
Everything's clearing up.
Sorry about that, Amoonguss.
[ANNOYED]
[URGING]
[all panting]
[all gasps]
Wow, we would've gone
right off of that cliff
if we had kept on running.
[DAZED]
Huh! Pikachu!
What happened?
What's wrong?
[SLEEPING]
You're asleep.
Hey, do you think maybe Pikachu
was hit with Spore
from that Amoonguss, too?
‐ Maybe.
‐ Maybe Bonnie was, too!
[URGING]
‐ Huh!
It's trying to
tell us something.
Uh‐oh. Could that be?
Trevor, may I look?
There's no doubt about it!
That's Bonnie!
[all gasps]
But how did she
end up over there?
Don't know, but we've got
to get over there, too.
'But how do we get
across this ravine?'
Clemont, why don't you
use your Aipom Arm?
CLEMONT
Too short. It won't reach.
So now what are we gonna do?
There's just got to be a way.
Look at this!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/SHAUNA
Huh!
See?
ASH
'Drifblim.'
A bunch of Drifblim
and Drifloon.
Maybe there's a way we can get
all of them to help us out.
Huh! If we can figure out
a way to startle them
maybe they'll all fly up
at once!
Then what?
Of course.
I see what you're thinking.
Then we can fill in the ravine.
‐ We'll use them as a bridge.
‐ Huh?
The future is now,
thanks to science.
In other words,
first, we'll get them to fly up.
'Then we'll hop across them'
'While they're still in
the ravine and rescue Bonnie!'
‐ I get it!
‐ I'll handle this.
‐ She's my sister, after all.
‐ Hold on a minute!
I'm better at this
kind of stuff!
Let me take care of it.
But, Ash, are you sure?
You just get them to fly up.
If we all work together
then rescuing Bonnie's a cinch.
It's a deal.
Use Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Use Flamethrower!
Use Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Use Water Gun!
Use Flamethrower!
[SHOCK]/[PANIC]
CLEMONT
'Okay, Ash! Go for it!'
Froakie,
make sure Pikachu's okay.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[panting]
Alright, here I go!
[screams]
[grunting]
‐ Bonnie!
‐ Ash made it across the ravine!
But that's just the beginning.
What about Bonnie?
Bonnie! Are you okay? Oh!
[Bonnie moans]
Hmm. There's only
one thing to do.
I've got to jump
while I still can!
[grunting]
You can do it.
[Ash grunting]
Just a little farther.
[gasps]
[screaming]
[PANIC]
[DAZED]
Huh!
All or nothing.
[screams]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[PANIC]
[RELIEVED]
[all groaning]
A Pokémon you've never
seen before?
Yup! That's right!
And after it walked past me
a whole bunch
of pretty flowers bloomed!
I couldn't help
but chase after it!
[AGREEMENT]
Huh! A Pokémon that can
make flowers bloom.
Then right after that,
a Beedrill.
Huh!
Hey! There it is!
[all gasps]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/TIERNO
Ahh!
[sighs]
[gasps]
Astounding.
Is that a Pokémon? Amazing.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Mm.
I'll check the Pokédex.
BONNIE
'Aw. It's gone.'
Oh! Huh!
TREVOR
'Oh, no!
I forgot to take a picture!'
Marvelous! An unexpected dead
heat at the end of the race.
Congratulations on winning
your points!
[applause]
Oh, well. No points for us.
[EXERTION]
Hey, everybody?
I'm sorry about what happened.
I'm sorry, too.
‐ Nah, don't worry about it.
‐ Tierno's right.
Without what happened,
we wouldn't have seen
what we just saw!
And next time, I promise
I'll remember to take a picture.
To think we saw
such a mysterious Pokémon.
I sure hope we see it again.
[AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR
Although our Heroes weren't able
to score points during
Pokémon Orienteering on day fie
of camp
they did encounter
a mysterious Pokémon.
A memory they will
never forget!
Soon, Professor Sycamore's
Pokémon summer camp
will come to a close,
as the journey continues!
[theme music]